it's easier to market something that's
sexy than something that isn't
so what do you do when your product or
your service just isn't sexy
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down how i turn a
boring product into marketing success
behind my most successful campaigns
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
now
i have a question for you
before i actually break down what i've
done to make boring things sexy i want
you to leave a comment below on what
you've seen in the marketing world
that's boring that's turned into sexy
because if we all share this we'll all
help each other market when it comes to
boring products and making them more
sexy
look a lot of people reach out to me
asking hey neil i have a product or a
service that is too boring i don't know
how to do marketing for a solution like
this
the truth is most products aren't really
that remarkable or interesting
you'll only be able to drive as much
attention as your solution's ability to
solve a specific problem the needs and
the wants from your audience
here are a few things i do when it comes
to making a boring solution a marketing
success
first tip create a narrative
how do you come up with that solution
what problems led you to creating that
solution in essence you're creating a
story people love stories even in
businesses people want to know from the
ups the downs what's the impact that it
had on someone's life from using that
product how would change it let's say
you're saying an acne product that's
boring you know have you ever seen that
doctor that pops those pimples and my
wife used to look at them to me it
grosses it out but people like wow this
is so cool well you got that we popped
them here's the solution
that's example how you make something
boring and kind of scary into something
that's sexy
what does it look like when you have
that problem solved tons of acne no acne
tip number two
anchor your solution to problems needs
and wants
it's not about your solution it's about
how it makes your customers lives better
easier frictionless even elevates their
status and what emotions are associated
with it
tip number three
make it visual
even with very abstract products like
courses showing people what's inside
makes a materialized difference in their
lives and improves conversions i kid you
not i remember back in the day when
people saw the ebooks it would show all
the cds and pamphlets and everything you
get huge difference in conversions walk
them through the experience of what it's
like to be a customer from unboxing it
to learning to using it to how it's
changed your business to the results
how it's day to day of someone using it
and how their lives are just that much
better what comes inside create videos
and content around that
i also want you to evoke emotions
sensations smells you know auditory
perceptions go beyond the visual
get to the synthetic aspect of what
you're offering
tip number four
use humor and don't be boring just
because your product is look old spice
is deodorant you know put some on here
put some on there
what else is there to it you know what
else there is to it a dude on a horse
talking about old spice or dollar shave
club using that funny video about
shaving yeah it's just razor blades but
to help them turn into a billion dollar
company don't take yourself too serious
have fun like i am with these videos
tip number five paint a picture of what
your solution is going to be able to do
to your customers lives
will it elevate your customer status
will it make them look more prestigious
my grandma on one hand loves it when she
looks better to her friends she doesn't
have an ego she's humble i love her to
death she's one of my favorite people
but
with her she loves you know just
elevating her status because it just
makes her feel special she doesn't care
if other people know about it she just
likes that special feeling it makes her
feel on the inside
will it make something easier in their
lives how does it make it feel when
that's solved you know that big problem
that they're facing
one great example of this is i know
people who own ferraris but never post
about them on social media but they do
because it just makes them feel
wonderful it makes them feel on top of
the world hopefully they're not speeding
and putting other people's and lives in
danger but they just love the feeling
will it make your customers look good in
front of someone who they care about
and if you do all of this
you'll solve these issues
so that's it follow the tips you're good
to go if you need help implementing them
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share tell
the people about it thank you for
watching